Hello, please send out the invitation letter.
How dare you stop me
I am the best actor
Dare to insert our invitation letter
Can you afford to be offended by the delay in meeting the boss?
The boss said that when the sky falls, he will also invite you.
Hand it over to his previous Jinlou boss
Xu Yanran, the owner of Orange Entertainment
Serve here every night
We're in a scandal now
If you can find him, you can be brave
We can make a comeback
Ok wait
Tang Yao
Why are scalpers so rampant now?
Fake tickets can be sold to scum
Fake ticket, I'm a flower neutron
What nonsense are you talking about? If you say it's fake, it's fake.
What are you?
If it's fake to me, it's fake to you.
My 100,000
Tang Yao, you don't want to die
Several bosses behind the scenes of the brothel
Which one is not a character with hands and eyes
How dare you private our invitation letter?
I'll go in and tell the bosses later.
Just wait to die
Ok, I'll wait.
Little boss, why are you here?
Little Boss
Boss Lu said that you don't like feasting the most
Today you forgot to tell you in your afterlife
This clubhouse is mine
By the way, put a sign at the door tomorrow
Scum and dogs are not allowed in